Wow
my new apple nano ipod can't it's
amazing it's so amazing I decided to get
an apple tat the first time ever I'm
going to do review for you guys through
view
let's get with the basics the nano ipod
comes with 4 gigabytes or a triage to a
gigabyte of course is more expensive and
211 dollars and you can only get this a
gigabytes in different colors the score
gigabyte only comes in grey I definitely
advise you to get the eight this thing
is crazy it's like holding a mini TV it
looks like real life video I mean it
seriously looks like you're staring at a
screen even better than a computer
screens I sort of got is extremely vivid
look at that two-way screen awesome it's
for you to preview the images of
whatever is in there it can hold a lot
more than the last generation nano ipod
and it has a lot more battery life by
the way did you notice that the Apple
theme song is actually a real song
it's really good is extremely thin
I could fit in your pocket extremely
easily I know what you think but I think
normal just to sum it up it's a musket
besides that I wanted to introduce a
friend of mine his name is Brandon
Miller he's extremely talented on the
guitar and he's self-taught oh wow yeah
I totally know right last weekend he
came over and he played and we did it in
front of the camera and Foreman angle I
will have him post a video response
right under my video you can also find
him on the side view just press more
also he's on my page featured in my blog
playlist so check him out he's really
good and he's worth it I'm really proud
of it too because I edited the whole
video so I try to make it look really
professional and hopefully I did a good
job is my first time editing something
that wasn't mine so I'm hoping everybody
enjoys it I hope you enjoy you singing
and his guitars it's really great
because there will be more later on um
just check them out subscribe rate him
make comments please guys I love it so
click it and check it out by the way you
guys are lazies I didn't get any video
responses whatever no but um thank you
for the people who did to comment me and
sent a text comment but thank you guys
you're awesome especially that one where
she met her boyfriend doing a naked
mural that was really cool